Just because he brought
John Woo to Hollywood ...
doesn't mean he can
rub my dick with sandpaper.
He still thinks we're
making Citizen Kane?
Not using a gun symbolizes the
whole purity of the character.
The Purity ...
See the Arab in the film?
See that beard?
Ever seen one like
that on a plane or a bus?
You think I look like him?
The movie's from 1986.
Haven't you ever had an idea
just to realize ...
you've seen it before?
Chuck Norris giving Bin Laden
the idea of 9-11, that's bull!
But Chuck Norris
works for the C.I.A.
Yesterday it was
Schwarzenegger.
Seen how the Arabs in True Lies
get all excited like hyenas?
Action films need bad guys.
Exactly!
In the '70s, it was the Viets,
now the Arabs.
Stallone in Rambo 3, Hauer
in Wanted: Dead or Alive.
Bruce Willis in The Siege.
Steven Seagal in
Executive Decision?
And what's his name?
Mark Wahlberg
who fights in Iraq?
- Jean-Claude Van Damme!
- He never hit Arabs.
Dummy, Van Damme's outside!
Hey, Mr. Van Damme!
Wait, I'm a great fan
of yours!
- How are you?
- Fine, and you?
What's this?
"Lost in Schaerbeek"?
Going to the post office.
A quick snap
for the store?
Thanks, sir!
Look, Jean-Claude Van Damme!
Hello!
Don't "hello" him,
just take the picture.
Your turn now.
Jean-Claude Van Damme!
Wait, my grandma
adores you, too ...
In five minutes.
Thanks, sir.
Wow!
It was Jean-Claude Van Damme!
He's cool!
I pictured him taller,
but he's short.
He's cool!
Classy and all!
He's all tanned.
He'll be right back.
- He cured cancer or what?
- Why, did you?
No, but nobody kisses my ass.
He's a star!
He left this shit hole
for Hollywood.
He fought to be
where he is now.
You've never left town!
Whether you're a star or a dog,
I don't care.
Then why are you
waiting for him?
You can't park here!
He's just a regular guy.
Back off. watch my car!
Calm down, ma'am!
Move back, I don't
wanna see you around here!
- Help me, sir.
- You can't park here.
- Only ten minutes!
- She's waiting for her idol.
Who's the idol?
Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Who?
Get outta here!
"Aware!"
Look, we have pictures.
How is he?
He's nice.
He's just a regular guy, sir.
I don't think so,
the guy's a star.
He left this shit hole
for Hollywood.
He fought to
get where he is now.
You've never even left town!
So what?
Bunch of ass-kissers.
What'd you say?
I was talking to them.
Help me!
I was talking to them,
I swear!
Plain, old flat to me.
Registration, please.
- Oh, come on!
- Registration!
Don't ruin my day, please!
Registration!
I always get this crap, thanks.
Anytime!
You owe me big time!
Shut up!
For once, it's not my fault!
Please, ma'am, shut up!
Stop now.
Don't stay here!
Get lost!
You heard me!
Shit ...
Open!
What's going on in there?
What's going on?
On the ground!
Central to Unit 27.
Jean-Claude Van Damme's
robbing a post office.
I need backup.
Possible hostage situation.
I repeat: possible
hostage situation.
1. The Answer
before the Question.
He's in court for
his daughter's custody,
and he can't approach
his ex-wife.
He picked up!
Please, move, convince ...
Perfect.
Mr. Van Damme?
This is Commissioner Bruges.
How are things inside?
It could be better.
Okay, let me ask you first,
is anyone injured?
Hello?
Jean-Claude?
No, no, a man's unconscious
and bleeding.
Jean-Claude —
may I call you Jean-Claude?
I'm Commissioner
Christian Bruges.
Call me Christian.
You have to release
the wounded man.
It's not in your interest,
nor mine,
to have blood on our hands.
Will you release him?
No, no one leaves,
it's impossible.
What if I came with a doctor?
Hello?
Jean-Claude?
What if I came with a doctor?
Fine, but unarmed.
I give you my word.
Commissioner Bruges?
Call me a doc, please!
Lieutenant Perthier,
SWAT team.
I just spoke with Van Damme.
So, I'm going inside and then
we'll debrief, if necessary.
- I'd like to deploy my men.
- No, it's too soon.
Could I borrow you a vest?
I'll give it back.
Jackie.
A doctor, please.
I asked for a doc!
Get me a doc!
Eric went to Med school.
Okay, let's go.
Boss!
Hello?
Jean-Claude?
No!
You have my word that —
Jean-Claude,
we're here to find —
What?
We see the chief of police
exiting the video store,
crisis unit H.Q.,
and going towards the post
office in his boxer shorts.
Is Van Damme trying to
mock the police?
In any case,
it seems to be working,
as the public is
rooting for him,
in spite of today's events.
The shorts!
The shorts ...
Don't shoot, I'm a hostage!
Drop the kit.
Slide it over.
Check the kit.
Go to the back room.
Hurry, he's bleeding!
No tricks, Jean-Claude.
Van Damme's fame
has driven them here.
They're clearly fans,
here to support him,
and the slightest move
gets the crowd on fire,
yelling out his name.
We've heard
a few snide remarks,
like the one about
the Commissioner,
who went out in his shorts.
But the situation
is dramatic ...
Sir, don't move.
What am I doing here?
What's going on?
Calm down, sir.
- Don't move.
- It hurts.
What the fuck —
No, Jean-Claude, no!
Don't move!
Get outta here!
Calm down, Jean-Claude!
The curtain, help them!
Right on.
Gimme five!
Awesome.
How did you do that?
Seriously, what a pro!
- What's this?
- See what he did?
This isn't a movie,
what do I care?
Take him with
the others, fast!
Listen, smart-ass,
you better think of something
or I'll shoot ...
How do you do it, Jean-Claude?
You got him in the balls
with your foot and your hand!
You're too fast for me,
I swear.
Sit down, you deserve it.
Hey.
Can't you see
he saved his life?
He saved all of us.
Jean-Claude,
he's still out cold!
What a fag.
Find a way
to get us outta here,
or I'll shoot one per hour,
starting with our hero.
They're clueless.
We can ask anything ...
like a ransom
with him as hostage.
Let's ask for a million!
A million?
Where do you see a million?
Have you ever even
seen a million?
Where are you?
In a post office!
He's a star!
I mean, it's Van Damme!
They expect more than a mil.
We leave with him
and the cash.
So the hostages can go to
the cops once we're out.
Talking about a brain ...
You almost
got me killed!
- You realize?
- Listen ...
I'd be dead!
You're not the F.B.I.!
I'm still the boss.
Go to Hollywood for drama!
I work here!
Fuck your
action men in black!
They're no better than us.
Let's just shoot him.
That's not our job,
we're here to save lives!
So maybe that's
what it takes!
This isn't a war!
You're telling me
how to do my job?
Can't you just shut up?
The gendarmes
are gonna show up.
Get lost.
Yeah, get outta here.
What are you laughing at?
And the kid?
The kid ...
we take him with us.
Know anyone that would
want to have ...
a dead kid
on their conscience?
Yes.
Boss!
- The blood ...
- Yes, Jean-Claude?
It's because of your crap.
No, I have nothing
to do with this.
The SWAT team decided alone ...
I swear,
I wouldn't have —
- I have a list of demands.
- Yes.
You have to do something
about the kid first.
The kid,
you have to release him.
Negative.
- You have enough hostages.
- Cut the crap!
You want the list or not?
Yes, I'm listening.
You have enough hostages.
Okay, I want a million euros
in small bills.
Unmarked, with
different serial numbers.
I want a bus for the airport,
a jet with a full tank.
Destination to be
confirmed once I'm on-board.
Then I'll release the hostages.
You're asking a lot,
Jean-Claude.
Honestly, you realize that ...
- It won't work.
- What?
I'm Jean-Claude Van Damme.
It makes no sense,
it's all bullshit.
It should be less realistic.
Like what?
Wait, I have an idea.
I'll also need $465,000 ...
Yeah.
... to be delivered by noon,
to the firm Bernstein,
Katz, and Phillis —
He hung up.
What's that?
A code?
No, it makes more sense.
Who are those guys?
- My attorneys in L.A.
- Don't mess with me.
Dumb-ass.
He's in court for the custody —
Shut up!
You leave them all alone!
- Change the tone.
- Shut up.
- Watch it, okay?
- Go back.
I'm not your baby brother.
Go.
Look, Carradine,
I'll go when I'm ready.
Go back, your idol's coming.
Ass-kisser, get lost!
I'm staying.
Now, I'm going.
Okay, then go!
He's right, a movie star
asking for a million ...
it's ridiculous.
But a star asking for money
to pay his law fees ...
sounds desperate.
Not bad,
not bad at all.
Go back with the others.
I said, beat it!
Look at those idiots.
So: 1 + 1 = 1.
It's still you.
- It's love.
- 2 in 1.
But for us:
1 + 1 = 2 and 2 + 2 = 4.
Then we're "selfish."
We take money
without sharing it.
But if 1 + 1 = 1 ...
Or maybe 1 + 1 = 11.
That's beautiful!
I just got back from
Belgium today.
I was at my mother's, and ...
What was the name he said,
in English?
- Bernstein.
- What?
Leon Bernstein.
We don't think horizontal,
we think vertical.
We stand straight in life.
We don't think in hours
and in seconds, it's "neutral."
The snake, Adam and Eve,
I don't buy it anymore.
A snake is nice.
An apple's good,
it contains pectin.
It's good for cholesterol.
Can an apple hurt a woman?
Some people failed,
because they're not "aware."
They don't acknowledge
that they exist.
Poor things,
they don't know.
So I'm "aware," I'm awake.
What's "aware"?
You wake up, wondering
what you're doing ...
No, it's fine.
Dolphins use wavelengths too,
they're smart in the sea.
We live in the earth.
They communicate, since they
don't blah-blah-blah ...
Hey, I'm a great fan of yours!
- How are you?
- Fine, and you?
What's this,
"Lost in Schaerbeek"?
Going to the post office.
A quick snap for the store?
Thanks, sir!
Look, it's Van Damme!
Don't "hello" him,
take the picture first.
Thanks, guys.
Wait, my grandma
adores you, too!
I'll be back in five minutes.
Name's Van Damme.
How's it going?
Hello.
Can I come in?
I have a —
No, no, you can't,
we're closed.
- Closed?
- Yes.
But it's not six yet.
Please, it's very important.
I'm expecting a transfer.
Yes, but we can't ...
No, seriously!
A computer problem.
Seriously?
This can't be.
No, it's important,
I have to ...
Tomorrow, we'll let you in.
No, I need to go in today.
Listen, it's very important.
I need this money for my family
here, you understand?
Let me speak to the boss.
- Quickly, then.
- It'll take a sec, thanks.
Hello, ma'am,
how are you?
I'm here for a transfer.
The name's
Jean-Claude Van Varenberg.
Not my stage name, Van Damme.
I'm sorry,
but we're out of cash today.
I told you, Mr. Van Damme.
No, you told me
it was a computer problem.
Is it a cash or a
computer problem?
You pick.
Listen, please,
give me my money.
I have no money,
my credit cards don't work.
Nothing works.
We're out of cash.
It's impossible.
This is a bank!
It's only 11, noon?
I'm broke, I have no money,
and my cards don't work!
C'mon, sir.
Wait, what's your name?
Arthur.
Listen, I haven't slept
in two days,
jet lag,
the Los Angeles court,
the planes, a toy store,
my mom on the phone,
the cab, the tip —
Wait, I have an idea.
I have a solution.
Then, collect some money.
I'm a good client here,
I'm pretty loaded.
Why don't you ask people here
for $700 or even $650?
And tomorrow take it
out of my bank account.
But I can't.
- You don't give a shit, huh?
- No, I just can't.
I want my fucking money!
I'm sick of this,
I want my money!
It's like this since yesterday!
I have no cash on me,
Van Damme without cash!
Gimme a loan.
Hey, I haven't slept.
I got on a plane ...
I just got back from
a child-custody thing.
Look, I'm exhausted, guys.
Help me out here.
First the cab,
then the toys ...
Please, help me!
- Okay, c'mon now.
- What? Where?
Camera?
Is this candid camera?
Sorry, guys, sorry.
Listen, I've had a bad day,
I haven't slept in two days.
Cut this one,
it's a "bad take."
Put him with the others!
Are you nuts?
It's Jean-Claude Van Damme!
C'mon, get up now!
I said, get up!
Faster!
Move faster!
Come and sit over here.
Shit, what did he do to you?
Breathe, breathe,
Jean-Claude.
Wow! How do you develop
your triceps?
I can't.
Watch out!
Get up! Get up!
The curtain!
- What?
- The curtain!
Don't move! Shut up!
Lower your arms!
You, too, shut up!
Gimme a hand here!
Gimme a hand, come!
What's going on?
Don't stay here!
Get lost!
Open up!
What's going on?
Look down.
You, too, look down.
What are you
looking at?
Look over there!
Open up!
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
He was coming in.
How are we gonna
get out now?
He's gonna call backup.
Maybe, but I'm not
turning myself in.
I'm not in Belgium
to be jailbait.
Watch it!
Don't do that again.
I just wanted to see
how he was doing.
- Shit, I almost shot him.
- Okay, sit down.
Robbing a bank in Belgium
can't be that hard.
Shit, what are
we gonna do now?
Leave now,
while you still can.
- He's right.
- Shut up!
Turn yourselves in.
In any case, we all saw
the gunshot was an accident.
If I want some stretching
tips, I'll call you.
Well done.
You can insult me
all you want,
or even hit a hostage,
but I'm not
turning myself in.
We gotta block the exits.
Keep an eye on them
and cut the crap.
You're saying that
a man broke in,
and then you say
he got in with a key.
We gotta be clear
on this one,
otherwise,
it'll be a false statement.
If you say he was drunk,
I won't know for sure ,,,
until the alcohol
test has been done.
It's as simple as that.
Boss, guess who's
robbing the post office?
Who?
I liked how you pressured
the hostages earlier.
It wasn't for them.
You heard "Karate Kid,"
if we cooperate —
Listen up, brainiac.
Who said it was
a perfect plan,
that post offices
are like the Red Cross,
and that we'd catch
the 12:43 train?
But the moron —
The moron's your pal, not mine.
So if you wanna be the boss ...
If you wanna be the boss
and keep giving orders,
you'd better start
growing some balls otherwise,
I'm taking over.
And I don't mind getting my
hands dirty.
Commissioner, please.
Hey, it's
Commissioner Bruges!
Is Van Damme the perp?
Wait. No declaration yet.
Has anyone been shot?
How many hostages
are held inside?
- Enough.
- What's your plan?
No, please!
Get him outta here!
Be careful with the seats.
Careful! You know how much
I can sell it for on eBay?
No, nothing's moving.
Can he turn that off?
- The whining thing?
- The nerves.
- Is that him?
- Yes.
Did he dye his hair?
He's in shock.
- What?
- He's still in shock.
Once in the film Hard Target,
I took a shot from a blank.
It took salts to reanimate me.
Hard Target, John Woo.
- What an ass.
- Don't say that.
C'mon, Jean-Claude, wait a sec.
He's the one who
brought him to the U.S.
Without him,
he'd still be filming
pigeons in Hong Kong.
And then what?
He drops you.
At least he did Face Off.
So what?
He could have picked you!
On the other hand,
when you see Windtalkers,
there's a justice.
Got any new projects?
Not for now.
I saw a thing on the web,
what's it called?
Purple,
Purple Amulet.
What about that?
- Steven Seagal got the part.
- What?
He got the part.
Steven Seagal?
You're ten times better.
Well, he cut off
his couette.
His what?
His couette.
His ponytail.
For the first time.
Oh, I see ...
That's a tough one.
Hey, you! what's that?
What are you doing?
- Me?
- Yeah, you.
- Hey!
- He coughed.
No! You're disturbing us.
I think he just coughed.
- He coughed.
- Think I'm funny?
- No.
- You think I'm funny?
No.
- Oh, is he funny?
- No.
So, I see, it's the "aware"
thing, is that it?
- Who are you?
- Drop it.
No, wait!
Who do you think you are?
You're 40 and still wearing
sweatshirts?
Yeah.
Who do you think you are?
No, no, no!
Shut up, okay?
He's tired, you know.
Drop it.
- Tired?
- Yeah.
I'm not tired, are you?
No, you're not.
So shut up.
Get up.
Yeah, get up, now!
- Got a smoke?
- I don't smoke.
Does anyone have a smoke?
- So?
- It's ringing, but no answer.
- No one?
- Nope.
Forget it then.
Go get me a screamo-phone,
like they use in the movies.
To shout at the public.
The day had
started out fine.
But now I'm exhausted,
I'm fed up, I got scared.
- Sir, let's stop ...
- Do I know you?
I'm Commissioner Bruges.
Sir, I'm freaking out!
There's been a hold-up ...
across the street —
But look at my cab!
That's what I'm saying,
let's proceed step by step.
Look at my cab!
A few questions first.
I picked him up
at the airport.
Did he have
any luggage, ma'am?
Man, I can't.
Please! Only once!
I don't want to.
Open your mouth.
Be cool, just once.
I'm exhausted.
Do me a favor!
I might never see you again.
Show me the move, just once,
please! Go ahead!
Please, Jean-Claude.
Let's all applaud!
Nice, Jean-Claude.
Told you he was the best!
Where are you going?
Who told you to move?
Get back there.
Faster!
Where's my ciggy?
Open your mouth.
Move back a bit.
A bit lower.
- Jean-Claude?
- Yeah?
- It's been years.
- So don't do it.
Just once!
He shows up and says, "Go!"
So off I went with him.
He said that?
Yes, sir.
I did what he told me to,
he's a big star!
- What's this?
- I just fell!
And what are you doing?
Come here now!
- He needs a doc.
- Are you a nurse?
Mr. Van Damme.
This is ...
Commissioner Bruges,
pick up the phone ...
so we can talk.
Is this a joke?
No, Jean-Claude.
They saw you with the cabinet.
Moving a cabinet is
robbing a bank?
Shut up!
If you need anything,
pick up the phone.
I'm your contact.
Bruges.
Here's our ticket out.
I have enough problems ...
I said, shut up!
Go ahead, big shot.
Are we having fun here?
Can't believe it!
- You read English?
- Yes.
If you tell them,
you'll have blood on your hands.
- What do I say?
- Let them talk.
What's "custody"?
He picked up!
Mr. Van Damme.
Bruges.
How's it going inside?
It could be better.
Okay, let me ask you first,
is anyone injured?
A man's unconscious
and bleeding.
Okay, good.
May I call you Jean-Claude?
I'm Commissioner Bruges.
You can call me Christian.
You must release
the wounded man.
Neither one of us wants to
have blood on our hands.
Of course.
Will you release him?
No, no one leaves.
It's impossible.
What if I came
with a doctor?
Hey, if there's a murder,
it's no longer a robbery.
- And if I come with a doc?
- All right, but unarmed.
I give you my word.
Bruges ...
- Whoever walks in is dead.
- If a man dies, we're screwed.
Heard me earlier?
Well, they could come naked.
In hostage movies, the bad
guys ask the good guys ...
to come in naked, so they
know they're clean.
How about naked?
Fine, tell them.
Where's Petruccian?
3. Stone falls on Egg,
Egg breaks.
Sorry, man!
Didn't recognize you!
Aren't you Van Damme?
You're Jean-Claude Van Damme,
my idol!
Listen ...
I'm really tired and I —
Don't start acting
like a big shot,
Mr. Hero of the century!
I can finally talk to you
and listen to that tone.
Let me talk to you.
You can rest, but let me talk.
Close your eyes,
but let me talk to you.
Anyway, when I see
you on-screen,
well, you're
really different!
Really?
I think you look much
better on-screen.
And you're much nicer, too.
I can tell you that.
- No, it's just that —
- Even if you're tired.
I like you better on-screen.
- You hurt my feelings.
- Oh, c'mon.
I always thought you'd be
nicer.
Everyone worships you here
in Belgium, you're our star!
You represent us in Hollywood.
Get used to having
a driver who talks.
Okay.
- Please!
- Sorry.
Yes, sorry, yes.
What's that?
You don't need to show off!
You're doing it on
purpose or what?
No, I'm not.
But you're nice.
You, too, but even
more on-screen.
It's hot in here.
- Should I open?
- No, I'm tired.
Then sleep, but let me talk.
All cab drivers in
Brussels talk.
You better get used to it
if you come here often.
No, seriously!
Star, star, star.
What are we talking about?
I surely didn't expect
this kind of attitude!
Ma'am, I didn't
mean to ... sorry.
Well, you hurt me anyway.
You don't realize,
you're my idol!
I'm sorry.
I saw all your films.
How can you be so rude?
I'm sorry, I'm tired.
I still want
a picture with you.
I promise.
- Promise?
- Yes, ma'am.
- And you'll sign it?
- It's for my son.
- Yes, ma'am.
Jean-Claude!
It's been over
an hour and a half now ...
since Van Damme has taken
refuge ...
in the Schaerbeek
downtown post office.
She looks better on TV.
We can't really
say what happened.
After using
a gun several times,
an anonymous source says ...
So tell the source
to stay anonymous.
If anyone blabs,
you'll hear from me!
Yes, chief.
Thank you, chief.
Call him back.
No, he was here and there
were three people there.
Okay, the Prefect authorized
the transfer. It's an order.
And the ransom?
- That'll have to calm him down.
- I've seen worse.
There's no attack.
With a kid inside,
I'm not budging.
He picked up!
Good news.
- The transfer's authorized.
- Did it go through?
It will ...
If you cooperate.
Sorry, but it's
a two-way street.
And the money?
Same thing,
it'll take a bit longer.
You're gonna have to cooperate.
It's ...
What do you want?
The kid. Let him go.
I'll call you back.
The crowd's agitated.
Something's going on over there.
What's the commotion?
Let's go.
Despite all this confusion,
a car is trying to get through.
- Who is it?
- What?
- The Van Varenbergs.
- Who?
- Van Damme's parents.
Why don't you escort them?
Please! Please!
Mrs. Van Damme!
Your son ...
My son's a good man!
No comment!
What do you think you're doing?
Trying to screw me?
- You're nuts or what?
- Say you wanna screw me.
- I'm not saying that.
- The kid stays.
- They gave in.
- Shut up. It's our only vest.
He's right. They gave in.
Hey, who's doing
the hold-up?
They gave in to him.
No hostage is leaving.
Get back, I told you!
For the second time,
don't move!
- Watch your tone.
- I do as I please.
- Get on back!
- Shut up, you heard me.
- Lower your gun.
- Calm down!
You lower yours first.
- Go on back.
- Shut up and lower your gun.
- I'm going now.
They'll break negotiations.
And I'll break your neck.
If it's not the kid,
get a hostage go.
Just don't shoot, man.
Don't shoot.
Stop it.
He's right.
If we let one go,
he's gonna talk.
Not the one
I'm thinking of.
Tell them we'll release one.
Your maniac son
already hurt someone.
Maniac?
He's Jean-Claude.
He's Camille.
He's Francois.
He's Van Damme
or Van Varenberg!
But he's not a maniac!
Get outta here.
He's on the line, boss.
Gotta do something
for the kid.
Help me convince
your son to let him go.
Okay for a hostage,
but not for the kid.
Someone wants to talk to you.
Honey?
Mom?
What are you doing, son?
Nothing.
Nothing!
Please talk to me, dear.
Nothing, Mom.
Mom, give me the —
Son of a bitch!
Get my lawyer on the phone.
Tell them I'm
releasing a hostage.
Don't cry, Mom.
Hurry up!
Take them away.
It was my mother.
I don't give a shit
about your mother.
Wanna hear about mine?
- Last time I saw her ...
- What?
... was when I was born.
He tries to screw me,
then he makes me cry.
You come with me.
- Why?
- 'Cause you're getting out.
So let's go.
No, he stays here.
C'mon, mister.
Make the transfer
and get me his lawyer.
Rule number one:
It's the maniac that
shows good faith.
C'mon.
- Why do I have to go?
- Shut up. Come with me.
Why do you want to keep him?
He stays here.
You come with me.
Let him go.
Not without me.
Not without my son!
Boss, the lawyer's on the line.
Stand up, up you go!
Let me go!
- You sure are lucky.
- So are you.
- With your gun.
- You, too, sure are lucky.
You're really lucky.
Let me go!
Damien, I'll be back.
Mommy's coming back!
Move.
Move. Get up.
When I say "get up,"
you get up!
One word and you're dead.
If you open your mouth,
you're gonna find
your kid in pieces.
I'll take care of him.
What? You can't even take
care of your own kid!
It's all your fault!
They're raising the curtain!
Stand back!
Please, ma'am,
I said, stand back.
Over there.
Over there, I said.
Okay, so we put it all in boxes.
I'm gonna keep
a Christmas decoration.
I like this one.
It's a little beauty.
This way, we'll remember
it's almost Mardi Gras.
Our minds crossed.
I took a heart from my tree.
Yeah, and St. Valentine's Day
is coming up.
Hooray for love.
Dimitri's so romantic.
It's our 1,500th show today!
This movie is for me.
There we are,
you and me.
Why did you do that?
Or why did I do that?
You made my dream come true.
I asked you for it.
I promised you
something in return,
and I haven't delivered yet.
You win, I lose.
Unless ...
the path you've set for me ...
is full of hurdles,
where the answer
comes before the question.
Yeah, I do that.
Now I know why.
It's the cure,
from what I've seen here.
It all makes sense.
It makes sense to those
who understand.
So ... America ...
poverty ...
stealing to eat ...
stalking producers,
actors, movie stars,
going to clubs hoping
to see a star,
with my pictures,
karate magazines.
It's all I had.
I didn't speak English.
But I did 20 years of karate.
'Cause before
I wasn't like that.
This ... this is me today.
I used to be
small and scrawny.
And I took up karate.
Hence the Dojo,
hence respect.
Thou shall believe
people who say,
"Oss!"
It's Samurai code.
It's honor, no lies.
So this guy in the U.S.,
it's not the same thing.
No one says "Oss" to you.
Sometimes people
in show business ...
I believed in people,
in the Dojo.
I was blessed
and had a lot of "wives."
I always believed in love.
It's hard for a woman
with three kids to say,
"Which one do I love more?"
A mother ...
If you have five, six, seven,
or ten wives in a lifetime,
they've all got
something special,
but no one cares about that ...
in the so-called media.
What about drugs?
When you got it all,
you travel the world.
When you've been
in all the hotels,
you're the prima donna
of the penthouse.
And in hotels
the world over, traveling.
You want something more.
And because
of a woman —
Well, because of love,
I tried something
and I got hooked.
Van Damme, the beast ...
the tiger in a cage,
the Bloodsport man got hooked.
I was wasted mentally
and physically,
to the point that
I got out of it.
But ...
It's all there.
It was really tough.
I saw people worse off
than me.
I went from poor
to rich and thought,
why aren't we all like me?
Why all the privileges?
I'm just a regular guy.
It makes me sick to see people ...
who don't have what I've got.
Knowing that ...
they have qualities, too.
Much more than I do!
It's not my fault if I was
cut out to be a star.
I asked for it.
I asked for it,
really believed in it.
When you're 13, you believe
in your dream.
Well, it came true for me.
But I still ask myself today ...
what I've done on this earth.
Nothing!
I've done nothing!
And I might just die
in this post office ...
hoping to start all over
here in Belgium,
in my country,
where my roots are.
Start all over with my parents
and get my heath back,
pick up again.
So I really hope ...
nobody's gonna pull a trigger
in this post office.
It's so stupid to kill people.
They're so beautiful.
So today, I pray to God.
I truly believe ...
it's not a movie.
It's real life.
Real life.
I've seen so many things.
I was born in Belgium,
but I'm a citizen of the world.
I've traveled a lot.
It's hard for me
to judge people,
and it's hard for them ...
not to judge me.
Easier to blame me.
Yeah, something like that.
Dimitri's so romantic.
It's our 1,500th
show today!
And I'm giving out
rare items,
like the red wig "Veronique
et Sebastien" never wore.
We don't know why!
It's the hat full of
ideas for reportages.
Say, Arthur?
- That's your name, right?
- Yeah.
We've gotta free the hostages.
I can't do that,
Jean-Claude.
Yes, you can. It's easy.
We just go there,
raise the curtain,
and split!
4. Egg falls on Stone,
Egg breaks.
Seven hostages left.
How are we gonna hold out?
It's okay, we need time.
Wait for what,
what's the plan?
The cops question her,
then what?
- They count the dough.
- After that ...
Hey, what dough?
You're waiting for them
to count the million?
You crazy? What's a million?
I won't calm down.
How are you gonna get out?
She'll blab.
No, we've got the kid.
I tell you,
the first one to leave dies.
You can't kill anyone.
I'll kill whoever I like.
No more talking.
The next one out is dead.
A hostage, whatever.
Whatever you want, you got it?
We'll obtain more that way
and have the upper hand.
What are you doing?
What?
You want to hold it for me?
Let's wait for the bus.
What the bus?
We're gonna go home by bus?
Why not on the subway!
Hey, it's the second round
or what?
I'm pissing.
- Pissing?
- Yeah.
You piss silently?
Yeah, don't you?
- You piss white?
- Yeah.
You piss invisible!
Think I'm an idiot?
Why? Are you sick?
Do you piss yellow? Red?
At least there's color.
- You're sick.
- So I'm sick?
- I'm sick?
- Yeah.
Wait, I'm going
back to my spot ...
Where the fuck are they?
Back in the room, faster!
Let her through,
she's the mother, it's her son!
Move back!
What do you want?
You wanna screw
me over again?
I was just trying to help ...
Move back!
I said, move back!
- Don't shoot.
- Move back, move back.
Don't fucking shoot!
- What are you doing?
- You're gonna shoot me?
What I'm doing?
What about you?
Whose side are you on?
- Who are you with?
- Shut up!
Let him go!
We want information!
I said,
get the fuck out of here!
You, motherfucker!
Let go.
Sir!
My son, Jean-Claude ...
- What's going on?
- Is Jean-Claude dead, or ...
Answer me, damn it!
He's my son!
Make her stop crying!
I said, let go!
What?
Go ahead, shoot!
You, too, get lost!
Back to our correspondent
in Los Angeles,
where it seems
Van Damme's attorney ...
has a statement to make.
Go over there!
Bang!
Like in movies.
What the hell
are you doing?
Whose side are you on,
you dork?
That moron
soften you up?
Oh, yeah,
I'm the dork?
Yeah, a 32-year-old who still
watches karate films?
And who gets softened
up like a beginner?
- A beginner?
- Yeah.
Robbing a post office
at my age,
that's a youth mistake.
But at 52 ...
Yeah, right,
52 years old.
You owe me some respect,
I could be your father.
My father?
Because of your age?
No, because
I fucked your mother.
Sure.
Are you happy now?
Did you ever go to school?
You'd know that stone
falls on egg,
breaks egg.
And egg which ...
an egg which falls ...
Because we can't ...
You can't save ...
the world.
What?
We said, "Not the mothers!"
I don't wanna die.
It's over, it's over.
Don't worry, Jean-Claude.
Aren't we better off
without him?
- He shot him in the head.
- Put Jean-Claude on.
Jean-Claude?
I wanted to ask you ...
Could you sign me an autograph?
For Arthur.
Promise?
Thanks.
The cops.
- No!
- Yes.
Arthur?
Don't shoot.
Police!
Police! Don't move!
I'm a hostage!
I need a doctor, now!
- Drop the gun!
- Get lost!
Get out or I'll smoke him!
- Drop the gun!
- Let him go!
Get outta here
or I'll smoke him!
It's not him!
It's not Jean-Claude!
- Get outta here!
- Drop the gun!
I'm gonna smoke him!
Get outta here!
I didn't do anything!
What the hell is going on here?
You're a criminal!
Extortion of $465,000
from the Belgian state.
- Extortion?
- What extortion?
There's no extortion!
You're an asshole.
A few months later.
During the trial,
Van Damme seemed quite serene,
and wishes to remain silent ...
Here he comes.
Mr. Van Damme, a statement?
Do you agree with
the court's verdict?
Jean-Claude Van Damme,
as mentioned earlier,
will serve one year
for extortion of funds.
He should serve his sentence
in Brussels' suburbs.
And this ends
the thrilling judicial series.
We just heard
of the incredible escape ...
If the knee is lower
than the foot, like this ...
you won't have
any strength.
Harder!
Jean-Claude! Visiting Room!
How are you, Mom?
Aren't you cold?
No, no, I just gave
the guys a karate lesson.
- You teach karate?
- Yeah, keeps me busy.
That's nice.
Your father asked
how you were doing and ...
wanted to tell you stuff ...
Is he okay?
I'll be right back,
I have a surprise.
- Excuse me?
- I have a surprise for you.
- I've had plenty of surprises.
- Wait a sec.
We don't have much time.